1. WELCOME (page)
	- A. fill out the about the artist page 1
	- B. What Art medium is your favorite to work with? (RAPP complete sentence) 
		My favorite medium to work with is…
	-C. What is a medium you would like to know more about?(RAPP complete sentence) 
		I would like to learn more about…
	-Studio Time:
Sketchbook Covers. Design a sketchbook cover lightly in pencil and color it in. Your name must be visible and you should take your time and be proud as with everything in this class. Every sketchbook must be uniquely and thoroughly designed, feel free to use the internet for ideas.

2. SAFETY (page)
(Safety in the classroom has the note pages for this you should use those as notes on the right hand side also the same safety activity)
	-A. Prompt Generator
	-B. What is one way to stay safe in the classroom and why? (RAPP complete sentence)
		One way I can be safe in the classroom is… because…
	-C. In what way can our voice levels affect safety?(RAPP complete sentence)
		Our voice level can affect safety because….
	-Studio Time:
		Safety activity. Finish designing sketchbooks.

3 Procedure (page)
	A. Draw the things you need for class every day.
	B. Please describe the things you should not bring to class and why.
		I should not bring… because.
	C. What happens if I am late for class and miss the bell ringer?
		If I am late for class I should…
Studio Time: Finish your sketch book and Learn about Free Drawing and early finishers.

4. Expectations (page)
	A. Prompt Generator
	B. Describe an example where an artist thinks and acts like an artist.
		One way an artist can think like an artist is…
	C. What is a non-example where an artist thinks and acts like an artist.
		One way an artist isn’t thinking like an artist is…
Studio Time: 
Your teacher will pair you up and you will make a poster like the example where you illustrate one example of following your selected rule and one non example of following your selected rule. Take your time, work together to plan it out.

5. DrawingTools 1 (page)
	A. Prompt Generator (add a link to existing page)
	B. What do you think will be your favorite medium?
		My favorite medium will probably be…
	C. What medium do you think you will like the least?
		I don’t think I will like to work with…
		
	STUDIO TIME: 
1.circulate to each table and try new art materials.
Red table: colored pencils
Blue table: chalk pastels
Yellow table: watercolor crayons
Green table: oil pastels
Purple table: charcoal
Orange table: drawing pencils.
Share your findings with the class.

6. DrawingTools 2 (page)
	A. Prompt Generator (add a link to existing page)
	B. What did you learn from working with each drawing tool?
		I learned …from working with…
	C. Which was your favorite tool and why?
		My favorite tool is…
	STUDIO TIME: 
1. Start your quadrant drawing by drawing a simple outline picture (Draw light until its right) make sure to use the entire paper your picture should fit the space. 
2. Fold your paper into 4 quadrants. In half hamburger wise and in half hotdog wise.
3. For quadrant 1 (upper left-hand of the paper) color with crayon (yes some nostalgia!)
4. For quadrant 2 (upper right hand side) color with markers.
5. For quadrant 3 (lower left-quadrant) color with pastels.
6. For quadrant 4 use watercolor crayons.
TIPS
Leave no white areas of your paper showing!
Pay attention to the direction your drawing tool is going.
Draw light until it's right.

7. Drawing Tools 3 (page)
	A. Prompt Generator
	B. Do you prefer working with colored drawing tools or black drawing tools?
		I prefer to work with…
	C. Why might you choose charcoal over graphite?
		I might choose graphite if…
	STUDIO TIME: 
1. Start your quadrant drawing by drawing a simple outline picture (Draw light until its right) make sure to use the entire paper your picture should fit the space. 
2. Fold your paper into 4 quadrants. In half hamburger wise and in half hotdog wise.
3. For quadrant 1 (upper left-hand of the paper) color with crayon (yes some nostalgia!)
4. For quadrant 2 (upper right hand side) color with markers.
5. For quadrant 3 (lower left-quadrant) color with pastels.
6. For quadrant 4 use watercolor crayons.
TIPS
Leave no white areas of your paper showing!
Pay attention to the direction your drawing tool is going.
Draw light until it's right.

